All made to drink.
But no, you were almost there, right? Change it up.
Do I have to discuss with you what I want to buy?
I don't want to,
And I still don’t want to divorce you,
Wouldn't it be because,
It's also the worst time to meet each other.
Show me some respect if you can help me.
Respect is given to people.
Instead of giving you this,
You will only rely on others, as long as you don't buy a dog.
Others, what do you think you do? Do you still need to be lucky? prepare you
Is this going out, eldest daughter?
You call the woman
You yourself are not affected
It’s only natural that someone else will recognize it
My eyes are shining
He must realize it
Without recognition
Unawareness
If you say that, I'll hit you
I don’t dare to bully your uncle
I took him to the next woman's apology
You just want to hit you
It’s not that I don’t recognize it
Why don't you go?
This is the only one I will bring with me
I'm not saying